Added video processing section (Unit 7 - introduction ) (#314)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/unit7/video-processing/introduction-to-video.mdx

There are two main types of codecs; "lossless codecs" and "lossy codecs". Lossless codecs are designed to compress data without any loss of quality, while lossy codecs are more designed to compress by removing some of the data resulting in a loss of quality.

In summary, a video is a dynamic multimedia format that combines a series of individual frames, audio, and often additional metadata. It is used in a wide range of applications and can be tailored for different purposes, whether for entertainment, education, communication, or analysis.

## What is Video Processing?

> In the research field of computer vision (CV) and artificial intelligence (AI), video processing is all about automatically analyzing video data to understand and interpret both temporal and spatial features. Video data is simply a sequence of time-varying images, where the information is digitized both spatially and temporally. This allows us to perform detailed analysis and manipulation of the content within each frame of the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the research field of computer vision (CV) and artificial intelligence (AI), video processing involves automatically analyzing video data to understand and interpret both temporal and spatial features. Video data is simply a sequence of time-varying images, where the information is digitized both spatially and temporally. This allows us to perform detailed analysis and manipulation of the content within each frame of the video.

```

- **Healthcare:**
Video processing has significant applications in healthcare, including medical diagnostics, surgery, and patient monitoring. It helps analyze medical images, provides real-time feedback during surgical procedures, and continuously monitors patients to detect any abnormalities or emergencies.  

### Challenges in Video Processing

- **Computational Demands:**
Real-time video analysis requires substantial processing power, which poses a significant challenge in developing and deploying efficient video processing systems. High-performance computing resources are essential to meet these demands.

- **Storage Requirements:**
High-resolution videos generate large volumes of data, leading to storage challenges. Efficient data compression and management techniques are necessary to handle the vast amounts of video data.

- **Privacy and Ethical Concerns:**
Video processing, especially in surveillance and healthcare, involves handling sensitive information. Ensuring privacy and addressing ethical concerns related to the misuse of video data are crucial considerations that must be carefully managed.

## Conclusion

> Video processing is a dynamic and vital area within AI and CV, offering numerous applications and presenting unique challenges. Its importance in modern technology continues to grow, fueled by advancements in deep learning and the increasing availability of video data. In the following sections, we will dive deeper into the deep learning for video processing. You'll explore state-of-the-art models including 3D CNNs and transformers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video processing is a dynamic and vital area within AI and CV, offering numerous applications and presenting unique challenges. Its importance in modern technology continues to grow, fueled by advancements in deep learning and the increasing availability of video data. In the following sections, we will dive deeper into deep learning for video processing. You'll explore state-of-the-art models including 3D CNNs and transformers.  

```

There are two main types of codecs; "lossless codecs" and "lossy codecs". Lossless codecs are designed to compress data without any loss of quality, while lossy codecs are more designed to compress by removing some of the data resulting in a loss of quality.

In summary, a video is a dynamic multimedia format that combines a series of individual frames, audio, and often additional metadata. It is used in a wide range of applications and can be tailored for different purposes, whether for entertainment, education, communication, or analysis.

## What is Video Processing?

> In the research field of computer vision (CV) and artificial intelligence (AI), video processing involves automatically analyzing video data to understand and interpret both temporal and spatial features. Video data is simply a sequence of time-varying images, where the information is digitized both spatially and temporally. This allows us to perform detailed analysis and manipulation of the content within each frame of the video.

Reviewer 2: To be consistent in the course, I think we should capitalize Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence
```suggestion
In the research field of Computer Vision (CV) and Artificial Intelligence (AI), video processing involves automatically analyzing video data to understand and interpret both temporal and spatial features. Video data is simply a sequence of time-varying images, where the information is digitized both spatially and temporally. This allows us to perform detailed analysis and manipulation of the content within each frame of the video.

```

> Video processing has become increasingly important in today's technology-driven world, thanks to the rapid advancements in deep learning (DL) and AI. Traditionally, DL research has focused on images, speech, and text, but video data offers a unique and valuable opportunity for research due to its extensive size and complexity. With millions of videos uploaded daily on platforms like YouTube, video data has become a rich resource, driving AI research and enabling groundbreaking applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Video processing has become increasingly important in today's technology-driven world, thanks to the rapid advancements in Deep Learning (DL) and AI. Traditionally, DL research has focused on images, speech, and text, but video data offers a unique and valuable opportunity for research due to its extensive size and complexity. With millions of videos uploaded daily on platforms like YouTube, video data has become a rich resource, driving AI research and enabling groundbreaking applications.

```

- **Healthcare:**
Video processing has significant applications in healthcare, including medical diagnostics, surgery, and patient monitoring. It helps analyze medical images, provides real-time feedback during surgical procedures, and continuously monitors patients to detect any abnormalities or emergencies.  

### Challenges in Video Processing

- **Computational Demands:**
Real-time video analysis requires substantial processing power, which poses a significant challenge in developing and deploying efficient video processing systems. High-performance computing resources are essential to meet these demands.

- **Storage Requirements:**
High-resolution videos generate large volumes of data, leading to storage challenges. Efficient data compression and management techniques are necessary to handle the vast amounts of video data.

- **Privacy and Ethical Concerns:**
Video processing, especially in surveillance and healthcare, involves handling sensitive information. Ensuring privacy and addressing ethical concerns related to the misuse of video data are crucial considerations that must be carefully managed.

## Conclusion

> Video processing is a dynamic and vital area within AI and CV, offering numerous applications and presenting unique challenges. Its importance in modern technology continues to grow, fueled by advancements in deep learning and the increasing availability of video data. In the following sections, we will dive deeper into deep learning for video processing. You'll explore state-of-the-art models including 3D CNNs and transformers.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Video processing is a dynamic and vital area within AI and CV, offering numerous applications and presenting unique challenges. Its importance in modern technology continues to grow, fueled by advancements in deep learning and the increasing availability of video data. In the following sections, we will dive deeper into deep learning for video processing. You'll explore state-of-the-art models including 3D CNNs and Transformers.  

```
